fix(red): HA (#3695)
scaleway/docs-content: faq/databases-for-redis.mdx

## What's the difference between High Availability (HA) and Cluster mode?

A Redis™ cluster contains a minimum of 3 nodes and up to 6 nodes. Each node contains a source and a replica.
The cluster nodes use hash partitioning to split the keyspace into key slots. Each replica copies the data of a specific source and can be reassigned to replicate another source or be elected as a source node if needed.
This is much better for scaling as the operation is spread across multiple nodes instead of having a single entry point.

<Lightbox src="scaleway-redis-cluster.webp" alt="" />

Two-node High Availability configurations are available with Redis™ Database Instances. This configuration type allows you to create a standby node, with an up-to-date replica of the database. If the main node fails for any reason, the standby can take over requests, reducing downtime.

> The HA standby node is linked to the main node, using asynchronous replication. Asynchronous replication allows to keep good performances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HA standby node is linked to the main node, using asynchronous replication. Asynchronous replication allows you to maintain good performance.
```
